Update cloud record size limit doc (#36521)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/cloud/managing-airbyte-cloud/understand-airbyte-cloud-limits.md

* Max number of destinations in a workspace: 20*
* Max number of streams that can be returned by a source in a discover call: 1K
* Max number of streams that can be configured to sync in a single connection: 1K
* Size of a single record: 20MB\**

*Limits on workspaces, sources, and destinations do not apply to customers of [Powered by Airbyte](https://airbyte.com/solutions/powered-by-airbyte). To learn more [contact us](https://airbyte.com/talk-to-sales)!

> \**The effective maximum size of the record may vary based per destination. For example, maximum size of a record in MongoDB is 16MB, the destination connector will be responsible for ensuring consistent behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\**The effective maximum size of the record may vary based per destination.  Some destinations may fail to sync if a record cannot be stored, but Destinations which support [typing and deduping](/core-concepts/typing-deduping) will adjust your record so that the sync does not fail, given the database/file constraints.  For example, the maximum size of a record in MongoDB is 16MB - records larger than that will need to be modified.

At the very least, primary keys and cursors  will be maintained.  Any modifications to the record will be stored within `airbyte_meta.changes` for your review within the destination. 
```

Author: tyvm!
